RegNet (#16188)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/regnet.mdx

Tips:

- One can use [`AutoFeatureExtractor`] to prepare images for the model.

> - The huge 10B model from [Self-supervised Pretraining of Visual Features in the Wild](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.01988), trained on one bilion images, is available on the [hub](https://huggingface.co/facebook/regnet-y-10b-seer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The huge 10B model from [Self-supervised Pretraining of Visual Features in the Wild](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.01988), trained on one billion Instagram images, is available on the [hub](https://huggingface.co/facebook/regnet-y-10b-seer)
```
I would say that all models that were released with this paper are available on the hub, and indeed mention the 10 billion model trained on 1 billion Instagram images.
